README.md, before:

SLF4J Test
============
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/valfirst/slf4j-test.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/valfirst/slf4j-test)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/valfirst/slf4j-test/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/valfirst/slf4j-test?branch=master)
[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.github.valfirst/slf4j-test/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.github.valfirst/slf4j-test/)
[![Javadocs](http://www.javadoc.io/badge/com.github.valfirst/slf4j-test.svg)](http://www.javadoc.io/doc/com.github.valfirst/slf4j-test)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/ac96a0c1a5614c3b93491d10e70b3a36)](https://www.codacy.com/app/valfirst/slf4j-test?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=valfirst/slf4j-test&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Dependency Status](https://beta.gemnasium.com/badges/github.com/valfirst/slf4j-test.svg)](https://beta.gemnasium.com/projects/github.com/valfirst/slf4j-test)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/valfirst/slf4j-test/badge.svg?targetFile=pom.xml)](https://snyk.io/test/github/valfirst/slf4j-test?targetFile=pom.xml)
[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/valfirst/jbehave-junit-runner/master/LICENSE.txt)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fvalfirst%2Fslf4j-test.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fvalfirst%2Fslf4j-test?ref=badge_shield)

See http://projects.lidalia.org.uk/slf4j-test for details.


## License
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fvalfirst%2Fslf4j-test.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fvalfirst%2Fslf4j-test?ref=badge_large)

Commit message:

Describe the purpose of this fork in README.md

README.md, after:

SLF4J Test
============
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/valfirst/slf4j-test.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/valfirst/slf4j-test)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/valfirst/slf4j-test/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/valfirst/slf4j-test?branch=master)
[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.github.valfirst/slf4j-test/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.github.valfirst/slf4j-test/)
[![Javadocs](http://www.javadoc.io/badge/com.github.valfirst/slf4j-test.svg)](http://www.javadoc.io/doc/com.github.valfirst/slf4j-test)
[![Codacy Badge](https://api.codacy.com/project/badge/Grade/ac96a0c1a5614c3b93491d10e70b3a36)](https://www.codacy.com/app/valfirst/slf4j-test?utm_source=github.com&amp;utm_medium=referral&amp;utm_content=valfirst/slf4j-test&amp;utm_campaign=Badge_Grade)
[![Dependency Status](https://beta.gemnasium.com/badges/github.com/valfirst/slf4j-test.svg)](https://beta.gemnasium.com/projects/github.com/valfirst/slf4j-test)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/valfirst/slf4j-test/badge.svg?targetFile=pom.xml)](https://snyk.io/test/github/valfirst/slf4j-test?targetFile=pom.xml)
[![MIT licensed](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/valfirst/jbehave-junit-runner/master/LICENSE.txt)
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fvalfirst%2Fslf4j-test.svg?type=shield)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fvalfirst%2Fslf4j-test?ref=badge_shield)

A test implementation of [SLF4J](https://www.slf4j.org/) that stores log messages in memory and provides methods for retrieving them. This implementation supports all versions of SLF4J including 1.8.X which have [a new binding mechanism](https://www.slf4j.org/faq.html#changesInVersion18). 

Installation
==========================

The easiest way is to include it in your project(s) by ways of a Maven dependency. Binary, Sources and Javadocs are
all available from Maven Central.

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>com.github.valfirst</groupId>
    <artifactId>slf4j-test</artifactId>
    <version>1.3.0</version>
</dependency>
```

Credits
=================================
This project is based on the original implementation by [Robert Elliot](https://github.com/Mahoney), located at https://github.com/Mahoney/slf4j-test which worked with SLF4J prior to version 1.8.X.

See http://projects.lidalia.org.uk/slf4j-test for details.


## License
[![FOSSA Status](https://app.fossa.io/api/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fvalfirst%2Fslf4j-test.svg?type=large)](https://app.fossa.io/projects/git%2Bgithub.com%2Fvalfirst%2Fslf4j-test?ref=badge_large)
